From the WebServices API Documentation Overview
page, select ConnectionService to expand the
list of methods.
Then, select the connectWithApiKey method.
Each method includes a brief description,
the method’s result, and the Return Type,
such as an integer, Boolean, string, and so
on.
This information helps you anticipate the
output of your API call.
Because we’re expecting a connectionID, which
includes numbers and letters, the Return Type
will be a string, as opposed to, say, an integer,
which would only include whole numbers.
The method also includes the required Parameters—which
are the placeholders or variables that you
must define—the Data Type for each parameter,
whether each parameter is Required or optional
in your call, and a Hint, which is a description
of the parameter.
For example, you may be confused about what
the logoutCurrentWebConnection parameter does.
The hint helps you understand that if this
value is true, your API call will, “disconnect
the user’s current web session”, which
is akin to logging out.
Next, let’s look at the Example Call.
This is the actual text you’ll copy and
use for your API call.
Notice how the example call is formatted to
include curly brackets around the array of
text and how quotation marks are wrapped around
each variable.
This format is called JSON—JavaScript Object
Notation—and it makes the data you’ll
pass in your API call understandable to humans
and computers.
Notice that the Example Result is also formatted
using JSON.
To use this method, copy the Example Call.
Open Postman, and select Send an API request.
Since we are sending our API key to our MasterControl
site—instead of, say, asking for information
on the site—we’ll select POST as the method.
Copy the first part of your MasterControl
site—for example, https://[site].mastercontrol.com/[site]—and
concatenate with the following string: /ws/JSONBridge.cfm.
Paste the entire URL in the Enter URL or paste
text box.
Lastly, select the Send button to send the
API call.
If we did everything right, we’ll see a
result with our connection ID.
If not, we’ll begin the beloved process
of troubleshooting.
Looks like we have success!
This is our connectionID, and we'll use it
in the next video.